SCALRCORE-22671 - Workspaces > Auto-queue runs (#178)
Scalr/terraform-provider-scalr: docs/data-sources/scalr_workspace.md

* `vcs_repo` - If a workspace is linked to a VCS repository this block shows the details, otherwise `{}`
* `created_by` - Details of the user that created the workspace.
* `has_resources` - The presence of active terraform resources in the current state version.

> * `auto_queue_runs` - Boolean indicates if runs should be queued by VCS changes.

Reviewer: Let's consolidate descriptions for `auto_queue_runs`, so that they are the same.

> * `auto_queue_runs` - Boolean indicates whether runs should be queued by vcs changes.

Author: @emocharnik validate please description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `auto_queue_runs` - Indicates if runs should be queued automatically when a new configuration version is uploaded.
```
